Want to know those crafts?
Nobody?
Min Philip!
Hello everybody, welcome to Meltdown Promets.
Promet Town is in session once again.
Yeah.
I love this song.
No one knows Prass?
And I guess punk band from the 70s.
One, two, three, four.
Welcome to the stage, you're mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you.
The stage is down again.
I thought that was a permanent thing, that they were going to raise the stage.
I pick the worst ways to open shows.
I can't.
Especially podcasts, that visual stuff.
Yeah, yeah.
I don't think I've ever done it right, have I?
No.
You came out with your shirt off a couple of times.
Yeah.
Is that right, or is that just a symptom of how nervous I am about how to start the show?
I think it's exhilarating.
You made some bad choices with that music, what was going on?
My only bad choice, I thought the song started right away, I forgot there was a kid playing
stuff.
There's like eight different beginnings of the song, George Bush saying, no new taxes.
There's like dialogue from a kung fu movie, Freddie Krueger came out.
I think it was like little kids playing hopscotch or a skip rope or some business.
Well, we're here now, and now the show's underway, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter how you
start, it doesn't matter if you come up and talk about how low the stage is, the entertainment
is always just around the corner.
Not that our goal is to be entertaining, it's a town meeting, right Jeff?
Right.
So, David Davis is here, let's have a hand for him, he doesn't get paid for this, he
does it for the love of government.
I love rules, I love governing.
Speaking of government, please, I can't recommend highly enough, I watched last night the WikiLeaks
documentary, it's called We Steal Secrets.
I think it's on, I don't know if it's on the Netflixes or whatever, we saw it on Apple
TV because we're douches, but it's really, really enthralling, I was kind of checked
out during that time when the Julian Assange with the thing in the ear that was happening,
I was getting vague reports of what was going on, and I'd see Bill Hader on SNL doing an
impression, I was working on Community, and I had not yet been banished to my Ecuadorian
embassy.
But it doesn't really matter what you think of Julian Assange or what happened, or if
you think information should be free or cost $5 a pound, whatever the alternate view is,
it really is, because it's such a well done documentary, it's really very objective and
just kind of reports on it, what is it truly like, probably one of the most interesting
modern historical stories that we lived through in recent times.
I don't even know if a documentary about 9-11 would have more like impacting kind of information
in it, boy I'm really blowing this movie, let's all go home and just watch it, I just
thought it was amazing, the takeaway, I wouldn't do any spoilers or anything, one of the things
that washed off the movie and kind of washed over me was just this concept that we as this
throng, we live in this big honeycomb and we're all good people, we're all pretty decent,
and then this throng is able to do these really weird nasty things, and part of the reason
it's able to do nasty things is precisely because with a throng it's possible to stop
communicating, to stop exchanging information freely for everyone to know what's going on
with everybody all the time, you step over a homeless person on the way to 7-11 and you
don't have time, like I've talked about this before, what if we had an economic system
where helping people was actually what made you worth more, got you more laid, got you
better suits and stuff, homeless people would become like targets, you'd slam in your brakes
and jump out of the car, throw a blanket around them, try to score something, and that problem
would be wiped out, I don't know if the country would do great or not as a result, but it's
got to be better than Kickstarter, I don't know what we're doing now, we're just starting
to all panhandle each other to death, but that aside, so we kind of, the idea that governments
have secrets, governments have to have secrets, like because they have to have secrets from
each other, there's a plate of cookies on the table, someone's going to steal them,
if you don't use some counter espionage and figure out who's going to steal the cookies,
who's the hungriest people, who's the cookie thief in the room, it's not about protecting
our cookies man, we're not just science people, you've got to have secrets about how you get
your secrets, you've got to think of it, and characters like Assange, they're like these
kind of like, that hacker mentality is that information should be free, it's not a heroic
political, it's not a politicians platform, it's not something that's going to win you
a popularity contest, because it's so easy to go, oh well if all the information's free
then this is going to happen, that guy's going to fall down and hurt himself, a hacker would
go, who cares, it's more important, there's a larger crime happening when information
is not free, so these guys, like what's interesting is, we keep deceiving ourselves into thinking
that the throng needs a hero, like we have this weird, I guess it's not weird at all,
it's like we're primates so we need a face on time magazine, we have to know who's going
to, who represents like what's right to do, oh it's this guy right, oh it's the man of
the year, it's the president, let's vote for him, let's not vote for this guy, this guy
knows what he's doing, oh this guy's a rapist, yeah but did you hear this guy invented the
light bulb, yeah but he raped someone with it, everything becomes about like sniping,
character assassination, like Bill Clinton got a blow job in the White House, yeah but
the student would be about that, it should be about him Tomahawk Missiling the Cubans
or whatever, a very well hidden secret, one of the most effective surgical missile strikes
in history, is Bill Clinton's strike upon the Cubans, where was Julian Assange then,
the real Cuban Missile Crisis, was Bill Clinton bombarding them while getting his dick sucked,
let's not go have any tangents tonight, I just want to, I'm just saying like, the hallmark
of Harmontown, like Bill Clinton, Barack Obama, George Bush, we all know this, it's
the elephant in the room that it doesn't fucking matter that the larger things are like governments
do stuff, we do stuff, we pay for it with our taxes, it's a system, boring, like we
don't care, there's nothing there to change, you can change cheering for a guy and then
booing him, you can elect a guy, you can throw darts at his picture, you can put him on the
cover of the Bible, you can lift him on your shoulders, you can blow him, you can punch
him, you can talk shit about him, you can go, oh he's in this or he's in that, you can't
do that with just the boring fact that our system works in a certain way, and I think
that the hacker mentality is kind of like, bring the whole fucking thing down, just make
everything really difficult to keep secret, and then we'll go from there, and there is
no, you know, in there, if you're looking for a writer or a wronger, a hero or a villain,
you're only going to find these weird stories, and boy those stories are really interesting,
the guy, I wasn't following any of it back then, maybe a lot of you were, but it sure
is cool rehashed by this director in a nice two hour Cliffs Notes thing, really, really
riveting, boy I could just suck that movie's balls, I just want to take that movie to another
movie, I can suck something with Meg Ryan, is she still working, I just want to make
sure it gets our juices flowing, because afterwards I want to take that movie home, Meg Ryan does
it for you, she's the one, I heard she does it for your date, like I just want to take
the movie, I don't remember who Meg Ryan is, I was Austin, where are you Meg Ryan, give
us a call, no she's not really, come on if you look like, we've created a universe here,
I guess you're in LA, and Robin Williams came up at one point, like yeah, maybe he did something
weird, I honestly feel Dan, the last time I was in a conversation about Meg Ryan, somebody
showed me a picture of her knees, and they were really weird, like there was a really
weird knee picture of Meg Ryan, is that a segway, no it's just an interjection, Austin
was fine, that was a segway, yeah I had fun in Austin, did some fun panels, there's a
television festival there, I like that television is becoming what movies used to be, which
is sort of a way for people to express who they are, you know you don't really have
time anymore, trophallaxis they call it when ants barf chemicals into each other's mouth,
you pass them, here's where I am, here's where I'm going, now you go like, the rest
of development, you know, and the other person goes like, house of cards, I don't like the
voiceover, I don't like I'm looking at the camera, you kind of just exchange, I'll give
them another shot, binge watching, subscription model, no more Nielsen's, just people passing
each other in the street, just barfing recommendations, game of thrones, game of thrones, and then
we all flack the game of thrones, I was warned to not get, by my girlfriend to not get game
of thrones spoilers, don't look at Twitter, don't look at anything, holy shit, yeah I
had to 48 hours, and I walked down, I lived next to Paul Rust and his wife, girlfriend
Leslie, they're both writers on shows and they're having a game of thrones party and
I had, they were spoiling it just by walking past their house, if you could just hear me
like, whoa, you telling me, I was like, walking to my car, you could get spoiled walking down
the road, game of thrones, it's hard to imagine, how's that show going to get shitty, what's
it going to, I don't know, everybody, because the last one was the one, and this is a spoiler
alert for people that are hearing this, if you're here and haven't seen it, you haven't
seen it before, so really you haven't, to be fair, I haven't started watching it, oh
well that's not fair, okay, I thought you were like the one guy who had the finale queued
up at home, I was like, come on, let's, I won't get specific, last week's episode people
said like, this is a doozy, and I was like, great, and I was told, don't look at social
media if you don't want some fan people to spoil it for you, and so nobody did, but people
kept coming out to me, like, I watched it the day, because we do Harmontown now on Sundays,
so I watched it on Monday with some friends, and we, everyone I came up to was like, dude,
did you watch Game of Thrones last night, yeah, I know, that's what it was, I was like,
nope, but keep it, zip it, zip it, I haven't seen it, I'm not going to say anything, I'm
just saying, everything you're doing, your eyebrows are spoiling it right now, and some
of these guys in the drawing room, these fucking, I've never met these fucking people, maybe
I have, but it's the drawing room, it's dark and I've been drinking, they could be dear
friends of mine, for all I know, but these guys are like, dude, all I'm saying is I'm
like, stop it, and they go, just record yourself while you're watching it, man, so I didn't,
but I watched it, and I was like, oh, it wasn't that, I expected Joffrey to fuck a dragon,
I didn't know what was going to go on, it wasn't that good, it was still good, I mean,
Dino has that great story when he was watching a movie with two friends, and one friend didn't
have time to stay for the whole movie, so he wanted to know if a character was going
to live or die, and the other guy was like, whoa, and Dino's like, whoa, I'm watching
the whole movie, and one guy had seen the movie, Dino had not seen the movie, and one
guy was going to leave for work, and a guy, I just want to know if he's going to live
or die, and Dino's like, stop it, I'm watching the whole movie, and the guy goes, whisper
it to me, whisper it to me, and the guy that's seen the movie, whispers it to the middle
guy, and the middle guy goes, whoa, when? And Dino's like, when's he going to stay alive?
Are you asking when he's going to stay alive? Because no one does that. Not dying isn't
an event, with a time on it, you. When? When. Dino got so mad we were in Chicago, and,
oh wait, no, it was New York, see, I don't know, it's like the diagram. There's a sign
that said, we make our pizza with vodka sauce, and we were like, come on, and we went in and
Dino just wanted to know about the vodka sauce, and he was like, hey, how do you make
the vodka sauce? And the guy started to just make it, like we were ordering it, you know,
he grabbed a slice and started to put a thing, and Dino's like, no, no, no, no, I just want
to know, I just want to know, like, how do you make it? Is it in the sauce, or do you
think, and he goes, it's a spicy? And Dino's like, let's get out of here. And then as we
were walking out, he went, it's a spicy. It's really bad. All right, so we're going to do
a new segment tonight. It's called Unenjoyable Things. I think you'll love it. I don't even
know why I'm... Do you want a theme song for this? Yeah, yeah, can you give me something
like a quick burst? This is just a list kind of off the top of my head, I think. This is
called... What was the name of the segment? This is called... Try not to do this in your
sample script. That was better than any of us imagined. All right, voiceover. Just stop
it. Just stop it. If you want to work in television, like, I know, I know, I know, there's a million
shows. Stop watching television shows and going, oh, that's how you write television.
I will continue to read your script. I'm not going to throw it across the room, because
I'm not going to be like racist against your voiceover script. But I'm not going to judge
it because of the thing, but I am. I'm going to judge you, because what are you doing?
If it says on page one, you know who you are. It says, Stan, V.O., and then it goes, that's
me. What a nerd. I'm the guy that never knows what to do until he's doing it. I think I
could pick that up from Stuff Happening and you're scripted. What are you fucking doing?
What did you stop jabbing me in the ribs? If you have more information than you can possibly
squeeze into the medium of television, if you need to do something with purpose where it's
like, oh, this looks like this is what's happening, but really, this is what's happening. You've
got a lot to prove, I think, when you do that. I mean, really think about what you're doing
there. Fade in on a guy eating a sandwich. There I am, the sandwich-eating guy. You know
what they say about a sandwich? It's two pieces of bread with some meat in the middle. And
that's how I feel about life. This sounds pretty good. If that's how you feel about
life, Mr. Author, try to script called Sandwich and feed it on some turkey. That's the point
of writing. You're supposed to make yourself clear in that medium. If you want to make
yourself clear by showing me something and talking to me during it, be Laurie Anderson.
Do performance art. Go to a fucking art show. Do what's going to happen. Have friends over
and show them slides on your fucking vacation. That's me outside the Coliseum. I'm gay. I've
always thought the Coliseum was like being gay. It's round. There I am, pretending to
hold up the bleeding tower. What's with me? I can't get a break. If you write a TV show,
you fade in and a guy doing something. Let me figure it out, you fucking dick. I think
the music's only helping this bit. I can't remember. Please have three more so I can
keep playing that song. I've been reading a lot of scripts. Characters are not lists
of things. Just because a guy likes cold play and is wearing X-Body Spray doesn't make
him a character. If you hate him so much, just having him get hit by a truck or something,
I don't know. That one's harder to describe. Especially when you have the two characters
that have each a compatible list of things. One guy goes, well, I like E.T. and she's
like, I like E.T. and then the guy's like, oh, yeah, but I pooped in my pants when I
was at E.T. and she's like, wait, you just said you pooped in your pants when you were
at E.T.? I eat in my T's when I watch poop tea. Cut to the coffee shop. Things are going
well. I'm getting the impression I haven't warned you off of this crime sufficiently.
Dan, if you ever feel like you're flailing in this certain segment, you can just point
to me and the music comes right back in. I want to just want to tell you that characters
are, to a certain extent, yes, when you're describing your friend, you may tell me a
couple of details about the things that he wears or consumes. I just also think you should
maybe know him as a person.
Okay. I don't write scripts, but as a person that gets to read a lot of scripts, it's mostly
half hour comedy kind of things. If you're a writer and you're making a half hour comedy
right now, don't put man cave in it.
I mean, that's okay. Let's build on that one though. Here's the thing. Here's another
thing that you can't do, and this is a little harder for a lot of you. You also, in addition
to that, you can't have one character say, this is my man cave, and then have the other
character say, rule number one, don't say man cave because that doesn't count also as
a joke.
Also, another thing, especially in comedy, is somebody, you're writing a script and
somebody will say something that is nonsensical, like someone will say something.
Someone will go like, yeah, time to get the you for babbles.
That's the time for the voiceover. You come in, tell me what you're doing. What I mean
by that is, yeah, exactly. That's the thing, like too many jokes being presented.
One guy saying something that doesn't make any sense and the other guy saying that does
not make any sense, Gerald.
Is that like a monopoly guy? Is that close to the monopoly guy?
It's pretty close to a monopoly guy.
Have we explained monopoly guy here before?
Maybe a long time ago. Rob Schraven, you start adopting the phrase monopoly guy to use in
writing when you kind of set yourself up. Now, all writing is essentially a monopoly
guy. This is not an empirically measurable thing, like the way something either has sugar
in it or doesn't. Everything is a little bit of a monopoly guy, but I think it's at a certain
point where it's unnecessary roughness.
The reason it's called a monopoly guy, Rob Schraven's as young aspiring writers were
watching Ace Ventura 2 as you do.
Just to hone those chops.
There's a scene in it where there's a guy that walks into a party and he's wearing a
top hat and a monocle and he has a big white curly mustache and a tailed tuxedo and he's
about four feet tall. As most rich people would at a party, he's got some problems with
Ace's behavior.
Ace is a very freewheeling character. He plays it as it lays. I think he had just emerged
from a bathroom and he's very wet because he had had a whole adventure and then he just
said, don't, I just took a huge shit in there and stuff.
And then this guy, this little guy, who, again, just to describe him for you, just to give
you the same breakdown that the wardrobe department got in central casting, he's got a white
mustache, a monocle, and a top hat and a tuxedo with tails on it.
And short.
Kind of short.
Kind of cartoonish looking. I think he was holding two big bags of money with dollar
signs on them. I can't remember.
But he expressed some problems with Ace's behavior. And then as the punchline to the
whole thing, like Ace Ventura went, hello, I'm Ace Ventura. I'm pleased to meet you.
Let me guess, you're the Monopoly guy.
And it held for applause because you're supposed to be like, holy shit, he nailed it.
There's that guy walking around that movie set, dressed like the Monopoly guy, thinks
he can get away with it. Not according to the other guy that's also in the same movie,
written by the same person, who handed a memo to the lady that bought a tux, went to the
wardrobe warehouse and said, do you have something a Monopoly guy would wear?
And then the guy went to sat down, how can we do your mustache?
They held up a Monopoly guy card. He said, do it like that. Do the card. Do it like on
the card.
That counts as a joke if the guy's like, you know, just on the street, then you're a badass.
That's when you don't want to say, how do you like them apples? You want to call the
guy a Monopoly guy. I don't know. I guess you guys are bummed out because you know all
your scripts are shitty.
I can't.
Yeah, just be better at what you do. I mean, you'll get the hang of it. Are you saying
right now because you're looking for writers for your staff for community that you've been
reading some turkeys?
It's not. I mean, you have to. You have to read. And you know, if I was in there, if
I was trying to get work, mine would be one of the turkeys because you're always in a
different mood when you're reading everything. I don't want to get presumptuous about it.
A war needs soldiers and in assembling a good staff, you need people to kind of throw their
butt at you on a platter and you get to appraise it however you want. Boy, I'm really burping
it up tonight.
So I'm not saying that you're not a bad person. Your job is to write like 20 million bad scripts
in your lifetime and then you get lucky with some of them. But I just think in the meantime,
could you please with the voiceover? It's really killing me. Like there's so many scripts.
Like, hey, I'm Steve. If you're thinking what I'm thinking, keep reading. It's amazing.
Like, I know that there are shows on the air that do this, but I don't, you know, those
are just, those are just people that got lucky too. Like your job is to be better.
These are sample pilots because pilots are hard because yeah, they're like specs, like
original materials.
You have to get so much shit done on a pilot. It's hard to keep action going with also like
saying who everybody is and what they want and what they don't want. The voiceover is
kind of a bailout, isn't it?
Yeah, it is. Especially like if somebody goes like, somebody walks in the room and goes,
hey, who farted? And then the protagonist goes, not me. And then it frees frames and
the voiceover goes, I did fart. I did, I farted. That's a little bit of a, I mean, when you're
that's called the wonder years.
It's, you know, you gotta, you gotta, you gotta ask yourself if you're, if you're practicing
any craft at all. I mean, if you're just like, there, there I am. There's me. I'm God spinning
the planet on my finger. You know, sometimes being God gets boring. So I write a pilot
and just fuck around.
There's my flamingo. Why did I make his knees backwards? I don't know.
There's Molly and Kate. They're the best friends. You know, Molly's the kind of friend that
always says she doesn't want to go shoe shopping, but then she does. Let's go shoe shopping.
That's not a joke. That's not a joke just because God said she wouldn't say it. All right. Kate,
Kate's not about to fart.
Just, just get, get, get down there with the people and just, you know, make love to them.
Is your, is your staff coming together? Are you, are you, have you found people that you
like?
Yeah, yeah. There's a, there's a million amazing people out there. It's just a question of,
of finding them, you know, it's gonna be fine. It's gonna be fine.
What, what, what if it's not fine?
No, it will be fine. No, I, I have a,
What if you, what if you are the, like, who else, who else has been, as an executive producer
has been fired and rehired? Lauren Michaels? You?
I think, I think, do you count Moses? Wasn't he kind of, I mean,
No, I, no, I do not count Moses.
Okay.
He was all about voiceover.
Yeah.
That's true.
The bush was like, hi, I'm a bush.
If you're thinking right now, you should hate your neighbor. I don't think so.
Anyways, that's enough of that. Erin's at home taking care of the puppy. That's a, that's
a bummer that she can't be here. Puppies are a full-time job. We don't want to talk about
puppy care, but I do want to tell you that it turns out a dog is not capable of knowing
where to pee or poop for the first seven months of its life. So if you, you, you have to,
you have to be told that by someone after a few weeks of going like, why, what are we
doing wrong? Why is it, why will it just pee anywhere?
Their brains aren't even ready to receive the, the, the puppy, how do you just piss
and then shit and everywhere?
I mean, it's, it's like, you just, you just have to, dogs just won't pee where they sleep.
So that's a great training is it makes you feel like a terrible parent because you, you
just, you just, every two hours, you, you got to, you, you take the dog out, you play
with it, you do all this stuff with it. But then at the end of it, you got to, you can't
let him wander your house like an adorable puppy because it'll just piss anywhere. Like
it's nothing you can really do, but let it sleep and rest in this little puppy sized crate.
It's a little, it's a little pen, which it'll associate as being like it's home. It's
Dan, it's bed. And so it only knows, I can't pee here. I can't poop here. And then, so
then you, you, you take it out, you take it, you take it out in the yard and it, it immediately
pisses cause it's got to pee cause it's been in there for, for since the last time I peed.
And then, and then you're like, yeah, it's great. It's great. It's great. You just,
if you slip up for a second, that thing's going to pee anywhere. It's just, and puppies
also, they don't, they don't lift their leg. They don't do, they just stand and they strike
this kind of like, like George Washington crossing the Delaware kind of, kind of, but
they, they, they, they, they thrust their chest out and kind of look kind of regal for a
second and then there's, there's just a puddle beneath them.
That's how I do it. Yeah.
It's a, it's a, it's a full type job.
If you've seen me in a public restroom, you'll notice the regal pose I strike.
You put your foot up on the seat.
I, I, I actually, I actually break a, a mock up of a, of a hull of a boat and I put my,
I put one leg up on the, on the four planks and the.
I'm sorry I said you guys are bad writers. I didn't, I didn't, I, I, I feel like our
relationship. Is there anybody in here right now that has a current script in, in the works
that has a voiceover and feels like a piece of garbage right now?
It's not a comedy script.
It's not a comedy script. Okay. See, that's good. That's good. That's a start.
It's a drama? Yeah.
One hour? Yeah.
Like a genre thing or a procedural? What do you got?
It's like a, it's like taxi driver in high school.
Taxi driver in high school. That sounds good.
Hey, are you talking to me or am I talking to myself?
I don't know, but we're going to find out. That's me, Trevor Bickel, voted most likely
to kill everybody.
I'm going to kill the high school class president.
That doesn't seem, that doesn't seem like a safe territory. That's not, you know,
Travis, taxi driver is happening at high schools across America on a weekly basis these days.
Yeah. He's, he's got his finger on the pulse.
All right. All right. I like it. Finger on the, he, he mined putting his finger on the
pulse, but I scratched my throat. Remember the bit I did when I was yelling and screaming?
Yeah.
I got so angry about voice over.
You want a burpin? You want a tums? You okay?
It's more, it's mostly just scratchy throat because I yelled. I thought it was Sam Kinnison
for a second and I paid the price.
That's me. I'm Dan Harmon.
I used to think screaming was a good idea. Then I paid the price.
The other thing that I'm kind of iffy about is the flashback thing, the 30 rock thing,
it's the swish wipe to the thing. It's like, I mean, it's like, you know, it's, you know,
I didn't really do that a lot in community because I felt like that had been kind of
tread over.
So I don't know, but you make up your own mind about that really. I mean, when I'm reading
your script, I'm looking for like, I'm looking for any kind of like, I don't really care.
You can make a mistake. I don't care. Like everyone, everyone does something that someone
else doesn't like. You can't, you'd have to be a rock or a corpse to not offend somebody
with your, with your script.
Dan, I'm worried about you right now. You're all right.
I scratched, blew up my throat yelling. Can't do it anymore. It was a bit.
There is water behind you.
Next to the vodka. He's never seen the water, by the way.
Right. That water, it might as well have camouflage on it.
Is it really that easy? You just make your throat wet and then it stops.
It felt, it felt more severe than just like I needed, it needed to be hydrated.
You want to irrigate the system there, baby.
All right.
It also makes me feel kind of legit. I never thought about that just drinking water in
the middle of saying something like, he got, so anyways, that's marriage.
Trips to the dentists are never, what, what they seem.
That's the thing. I've been listening to a lot of comedy, like standup stuff on satellite
radio and there's like those four or five stations that you kind of go through and there's
the blue collar one. It's always someone talking about their porch.
That's like the worst.
There's comments that I've loved when you see them, but when you hear them, you hear
the verbal tick that they do. So a punch line, um, but they do it every time.
The comments that I really like, oh, you have that tick that's a weird, like, go-to thingy
to do. It makes me kind of not like them as much.
You know who doesn't have that? Richard, oh, no, he does. Richard Pryor. He has that kind
of nervous chuckle to him. So when you see him, you don't care, but you just hear it.
It's jarring.
I'm not, I'm not being quiet because I'm hanging out to dry. I'm just like watering my throat.
You did a thing when, when you ran out of steam or something, you go, yeah, sometimes
him. Yeah.
Yeah.
Or I'll go, I noticed I'll go like, like after you talk, I'll go, but sometimes it sounds
like I'm being a dick. First you'll recover from gales of laughter.
Like you'll say, you'll say something and then I'll go, all right. Like if I'm listening
to someone else, I'll go, all right. And it's like, well, what are, what are my, uh, dick
cavits? Yeah. Chelsea, Chelsea. What's her name? Smith? All right. Uh, I'm clearly like
my throat is blown out and I've run out of steam and it's a good time to bring up some
of our friends so that they can pick up the, uh, the, the slack and Dan was, uh, it's
texted me before the show and said he might be very late. And so Camille was backstage
and we said, I said, maybe you should just go out and do an opener. And he was like,
I'd do that. And, uh, maybe we'll do that one time. Did you have a proper, just like,
like a, like a good proper,
I'll just keep pushing the late envelope. Yeah. And if I remember like 10 minutes, yeah,
like, like, yeah, I should have somebody come up and let's bring a, let's bring Camille
Nanjiani up. Can I say one thing about the goodwill hunting scene, the apples thing?
You can say like a million things. Well, okay. That's, I honestly, that's the movie I really
liked the first on my side and now I don't like it. Uh, by the way, you stopped liking
them apples as much. By the way, you drinking water looks so unnatural to me. It's like
tasteless vodka to you. Melting me. Yeah. Well, okay. So the apple scene, first of
all, that fucking guy, why did he respond? He's like, this guy just showed me up, stole
my girlfriend. Now he wants to know if I like apples. Well, I should probably answer in
the affirmative. That's stupid. Also, what if he didn't like apples? Then does he have
like other backup? Okay, you don't like apples. Do you like chicken wings? Well, then what
do you wing of this? You know, I don't know. I mean, I have been over this. I, I, I, I
get that scene. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. It's true, especially that guy and what he's
thinking. Is it true the original script that Ben Affleck and Matt Damon purportedly wrote
was about them saving the world from a meteor? It was kind of like a spy thriller, I think.
Like, really? Like, like, like Matt Damon was a super smart, like, like guy as he is
in the movie. I think that's where the similarity. He could kick ass, fuck any chick. He was super
smart and there was a meteor coming. But was he still like a janitor? In a way, knowing
what we know about you and being able to tell the future, you're kind of like goodwill hunting
in janitor mode. Yeah. You really are. You're not using it. Your life is the first act of
a superhero movie. Camille, I had a dream about you last night. No. Did you guys listen to
last week's episode? We were here. You think you're everyone? Yes. But wait, wait, backtrack
to two. No, the original script for that. Oh, yeah. Well, as I understand it, I have
not Googled it. I don't know that there was a, they wrote it. They had this, this script
that was like, it was kind of like, I think it was like, closer to like a kind of born
and identity kind of like thing. Like it was like a spy thriller. And then William Goldman,
I believe, did an uncredited rewrite on it and made it into a feel good therapy thriller.
But I type it into Snopes. I don't know. Maybe I don't know how much. Does anybody know the
details on that? The original script? I think I remember hearing that it was like, it was
like Armageddon. Like they actually had to figure out how to stop the world from being
hit by a, by a near-earth asteroid or something like that. Is it still that he's a janitor?
I don't know. But it was like, it was a script that you would write if you were a 12-year-old,
like, I fuck everybody and I kick a lot of ass and then the meteor's coming and the fucking
save the world. It's funny that their lives did kind of actually turn like that. Like,
that's the life though. And he was born. He got to be Jason Bourne. Yeah. Yeah. And when
they accepted the Academy Award for best screenplay, that I think had been a near-page one rewrite
by somebody else, right? Matt Damon seemed to be a little contrite, a little like, hey,
this is a, I'm Matt Damon. I'll take it with a thank you and I'll get out of here. But
Ben Affleck was boo-yayin', high-fivein' and the fuckin', I think he got a cartwheel.
It's like, you didn't write that thing yet. Did you ever see How's Your News, the documentary
about the, it's the mentally challenged people? Oh, I know about it, but I, I don't see it.
They do, they do news correspondents. It's sort of like a self-funded thing where their
caretakers, they wanted to do it and they kind of, I don't know, they put this project
together and they went out there at it. It's, there's this Down syndrome guy who's like
talking to Ben Affleck about, Ben Affleck is so, he keeps asking him questions about
Daredevil or something and Ben Affleck is so in actor-talking politics mode. He's so
supercharged about how bad the Republicans are and stuff. He's, he comes the closest
to being a little bit of a dick to a retarded guy. He's kind of like, he kind of doesn't
notice the guy's retarded and is like kind of a... He doesn't, well, I know, but he does,
but I'm just saying, like, he's like... Because Daredevil is blind. Yeah. He just, everybody
else is like really heartwarming because these people are doing what they want. It's like,
we're so used to like, it really cuts to the, to the quick of this, this weird, ironic swirl
that we have surrounding people who are differently abled where we, we think that sensitivity
is treating them like ghosts because when they walk into a room, we don't want them
to be the way they are, which is a horrible thing to feel about another human being. So
we pretend we don't feel that way because we don't want to engage them. Meanwhile, the
people who wipe their asses and, and, and pick them up and carry them into the water
if they've never experienced being in water before, the people who wipe, wipe, drool off
their face, who, who stay with them to keep them from swallowing so much air that their
stomachs explode depending on how, what, what they've gotten, how bad they got it. Like
people who, people who engage with them and don't have that kind of shame and guilt, like
they're, they're kind of delighted by people like, for instance, with Down syndrome are
typically very funny people. Like they're, they're, they make you laugh. And I think we
all feel like very, when we feel that laughter coming up when, when a person with Down syndrome
like, like, like says something and is entertaining, like, like we kind of like, we, we have this
weird reaction and, and, and, and, and, but, but the, the, how's your news is uplifting
because they go around and it's like, I don't know. It's just like, like, like, you know,
you go to, they're going across the country and like, there, there isn't anybody that's
going, what's wrong with you? What's your problem? What are you retarded? Like, like,
like everyone kind of very quickly adapts and has delightful conversations.
Or that's so, those are the ones that didn't make it into the documentary or people are
like just like, wait, are you retarded? Like, cut, let's go to the next guy.
I'm sure, I'm sure there was some uncharismatic moments, but, and, and they, but, but I'm
sure if there was a big one, they probably would have put it in for the sake of like
full, like, kind of like, give you the full picture. But anyways, but I have like kind
of, and it's not because he's a bad person. Like, it's not like he doesn't like the retarded
like, I just remember watching it going like, I don't think he's, I don't think he's paying
attention. Like he, he's just annoyed that the guy won't stop asking him about Daredevil.
He wants to talk about politics.
And speaking of what you were saying, my wife's mom, who's like a wonderful person, southern
lady, whenever she sees somebody who has like Down syndrome or somebody who's in a wheelchair,
she always goes, so pitiful. She says it every single time. And, and she's like so like,
she thinks it's like a good thing. She's like, oh, so pitiful. But like pretty loud. And
one time she went up to a couple, two guys were holding hands and she was like, I think
that's great. And just walked away, seal of approval from a stranger. Yeah. Thanks, lady.
I mean, I guess, I guess pitiful and pathetic of the meanings of those words have changed
to pejorative words, punitive words. You're pathetic. You're pitiful. Like, wait, pitiful
is meaning like, you're, you know, something to be pitied, I guess. It's not politically
correct. But, but, but just saying pitiful is not correct. I don't think in any way.
I don't think you can say I pity you. So pitiful. Well, what if she said so tragic?
I mean, that's the thing. That's where it runs up against this thing where you're supposed
to not, you're not supposed to feel sorry. You're not supposed to regard the differently
abled as being lesser than yourself. Are they? Well, I mean, if a person has one arm, they
have one less arm than the average person. And they're pretty capable of going like,
yeah, well, I got the one arm. So they don't, they don't have to let it hold them back.
You're not supposed to not give them a job because they have less arms. They, they, they,
they could still go to the Olympics or like I, as I found out on this stage, like some
people are, can get indicted for murder and have like, do, do sight work limbs. There's
people with different numbers of things, do all kinds of stuff. When it's a purely physical
thing like that, when you're like, I got, I got one leg and I'm gonna, I'm gonna jump
over the moon. It's like, it's very easy for us to compartmentalize and stuff. And then
you have like, well, what if you're bipolar? What if you're transgender, but you're like,
you know, you identify as a different, different, different gender than you are. What if you're
a kleptomaniac? What if you're, what if you're just clinically depressed? What if you have
Down syndrome? Like, like you, you, you, it's harder for us to process that, that, that,
that information and come out the other side, like just kind of rooting for everybody. We
used to go, oh, everyone different is worse off. Here's, you know, we call it, we just
call them worse off and let's collect some money. And it's kind of like in, in so many
ways we've advanced in our thinking, but in some very strange ways, we've kind of along
the way gotten a little, little tangled in our, in our, our own shoelaces, haven't we?
Play that cowboy song.
Hey, gang. Adam Goldberg has come to the stage and I, I'm not going to connect any dots
with what we've been discussing.
I'm going, I've discussed on the, the, I have a family history of muscular dystrophic.
Got you to stop laughing with that one. I don't think that's the problem for you, Adam.
Getting people to think darn you come out.
You quick.
Hey, Adam, welcome to the stage.
Yeah. Hey, Adam, come on up here. Now edit it so it looks like we invited him.
Hey, Adam, what do you have to say? Come on up, buddy.
I like who males idea that this podcast is still edited by people other than lawyers.
I'll be the devil's advocate and say Adam, Adam by definition has become the uninvited,
you know?
Yeah.
Which was a horror movie.
Also he had kind of a, he had a good stint. I was listening to the car on the way here.
He got, he made forward steps last week, right?
Yeah.
And in physical therapy, yes.
No, no. And, and coming up on Ash and leaving on an, on an, on an applause.
That was good.
I guess, sorry.
Fine.
No, my muscular dystrophy.
Yeah. So my dad's in a wheelchair at the, like 90% of the time.
Pitiful.
It, should it be like 85 or should it be like 93?
Because we can, we can adapt.
We're doing it to Vodan?
No.
I'm saying.
I'll go with hero.
I'm pulling in that direction, but I did the thing is there's this other medium that
we see people who are like, who have Olympic stature and have a disability and we see them
as like this, or example of supercrips, which is an actual term in discussing the disabled.
It's supercrips, not like the superbloods.
No.
And we think that, oh, since not every person is going to be an Olympic runner, despite losing
their legs.
We look at normal people who lose their legs and say, well, why aren't you this guy?
Why aren't you held to this standard of being a super Olympian who wants it the most?
The superbloods they're doing was kryptonite, right?
Yeah.
Don't boo.
I loved it.
I loved that one, Jack.
Play it.
Play it to your own punchline.
All right.
So I like what you're circling, keep going, baby.
So in Iron Man 3, there was one of the huge, I'm trying to play to you guys, we're in a
comic book shop.
In Iron Man 3, the extremist virus was about disability, it was about people who came back
from war.
And when we finally hear one of these people speak, when he's in the news, they said, what
was the most important day of your life person in the extremist program?
And the person responded, the day I decided my disability wasn't going to hold me back.
Now there's not one person in this movie who gets extremists, who we meet, who isn't
evil.
Pepper Potts has already been established as a good character, who gets extremists.
But one, by and by large, these people are, you should have, like, statistically they've
seen it.
It's the second biggest movie of all time.
Yeah.
He's just, he's box office challenged.
My dad's in a wheelchair.
They are.
I can spoil movies.
I think it's fine.
Is that one of the benefits?
That's one of them.
Like I said, you get the thing, you can park your car anywhere, you can spoil movies.
I'm benefiting from the fact that I have no idea what you're talking about.
I'm going to benefit from whatever Adam's point is before I benefit from Iron Man 3.
That's for sure.
I know that.
Go ahead.
And so we get this guy and he's, the implicit thing is that all these people wanted, you
know, that they were ruined and that the only way to get better is through drugs, except
that the hero of the movie just decides to use willpower to get over everything from
PTSD to not having his superpowered armor.
So we kind of see the extremist thugs as taking the easy way out.
They're the villains of the movie.
They're destroyed by his old armor, which he blows up because the movie's about becoming
whole and getting rid of his disability through willpower.
So much as we decided at some point in the 80s or 70s that parents should both go to
work, like a mom can work and dad can work and kids can have a house key around their
neck and they can come home from school and eat some instant oatmeal because capitalism
gets what it wants.
Are you saying that the wrong energy gets behind this concept of a good handicapped person,
a heroic handicapped person is a person that just works way harder?
The cases are such that most handicapped people can't do that any more than you could grow
a third arm by wanting it the most or not having anywhere to hold your coffee or something.
Of course.
Well, yeah, I've been unable to write for two months because women have rejected me.
I don't know what I'd do if I lost a foot.
I think I'd cash it in.
Voice over.
Dan Harmon, this is their fault.
Yeah, that would be your crutch if you lost a foot.
Okay, that's me.
But where's my foot?
Well, it all starts three days ago.
Oh, that's the other thing and you're fucking pilots though.
I was using a lawn mower when.
Do not fade in on something interesting happening for five minutes and then go to black and
say three weeks earlier.
And then spend like 20 pages just getting to the guy with his, figure out how to start
your story, interestingly, or get it, get it, get it there quicker.
And don't use the word heroic when referring to disabled people because they really don't
like that because it's implying that your existence is something that's so hard that
you have to be extraordinary to overcome it.
It's a term for people who go out of their way to do something beyond the moral expectation
of the average person, not someone who gets out of bed every day because otherwise they're
going to be in bed every day.
I kind of cringe every time someone on CNN or a major news organization uses the word
hero.
They throw it around.
Oh, boy, it hasn't been used right in a while.
Yeah.
It's like a lot of people do things that people do in acts of crisis and stuff like that.
It's not heroic and also it drives me.
Well, hero has come to mean just, just cool person, just popular person, hurt screaming
and told someone that's the standard of heroism nowadays.
And then people were like, oh, we're destroying America's heroes.
This guy was actually a domestic abuser.
It's like, we know you gave him the term hero really, really easily.
You can take it away just as, if it doesn't mean anything, it doesn't mean anything on
the other end too.
I mean, yeah.
And then taking it back to what I was talking about earlier, what I was babbling about that
documentary I loved, I think that my takeaway from this whole, for the whole WikiLeaks story,
which is this amazing throwing story that you watch, is that we have these systems that
we totally accept and let them continue, but as soon as one person says, this system's
fucked up and I as one person am I going to do something so powerful that it's going
to fuck up with the whole system or just fuck with it a little bit.
We focus on that person because they're a person and if they also have a stutter or
they also have a weird personality or like in Julia's, Julia DeSanche's cases, had cases
that had like a sex offense charges and I'm not going like, oh shit, he was a crucified
blah, blah, blah.
Watch the documentary.
The whole, every point surrounding the story is really weird and awesome.
But like we focus too much on these people and the systems that aren't human in the first
place that are doing all the fucked up shit, that's how they like it.
It's a system and it just stays in place.
And then anybody that starts to speak up and goes like, hey, could we adjust the air conditioning
in here?
Like everyone can turn to that person and go like, okay, what's your name?
Where did you make your money last year?
What do you like for dinner?
Like say, just start, and then you're in the spotlight and sooner or later because you're
human you're going to fail.
And then the system goes, whoa, so much for that alternate point of view.
That failed.
But don't you think he sort of cultivated that a little bit?
He wanted it like the guy who came out today saying that he was the one who leaked prism
and everything.
You see that?
Yes.
No, he's totally like cultivating a whole thing.
He like has like a human being.
Yeah.
But in the meantime, presenting himself as that.
And I think yes, yes, because he's a human being because human beings are braggarts and
narcissists and rapists and thieves and liars and politicians and diplomats and villains
like lovers and healers.
There's tokers, midnight jokers.
Systems never get held to that scrutiny.
You don't get to say this is what Google is.
You have to anthropomorphize it in order to do that.
And so they continue on being systems, which if a person did what these systems did, you
would go, well, that's kind of fucked up of you.
You keep talking about freedom all the time.
You sure are blowing a lot of people up.
Like weirdo, hypocrite, looking Jerry over there.
Hey, why don't you talk about freedom some more and like kill some more people?
Jerry, shut up.
Get out of here.
Like a system can do that.
And sometimes people represent too much when you consider President Obama as like when
we saw him in 2008, he was much more assembled than a person.
All right.
So Adam, why don't you stay up here and play Erin McGathy's character?
I can't think of anything better.
Yeah, I was going to say the same thing.
We should get Spencer at her too then.
Yeah, Spencer Clinton.
Spencer Clinton to the stage if you will.
Hello, Spencer.
Hey, guys.
How are you doing, baby?
I'm doing great.
I'm doing all right.
I'm a little hungover today.
I hung out with Dino all day yesterday and it really, it'll do it to you.
Dino Stamatopoulos, you'll get hungover hanging out with that guy.
He has that new plaque up at Little Dom's, right?
Yes, he does.
Wait, what?
Little Dom's.
There's three booths in the bar at this restaurant that we all go to a lot in Las
Feliz.
And there was a plaque that's been up there forever, but just a couple that we don't know.
And then Dino goes there all the time and he spends so much money there.
And he actually does an old school tab.
Do you guys know who Dino Stamatopoulos is?
Some people crash me at some point.
Who is that?
He does.
Dino's here.
Are we going to attack you by zombie?
Well, he got a plaque of his Dino Stamatopoulos in April, such and such, 2013.
But at the same time his went up, John Hamm got the other booth.
John Hamm cheats at Bar Trivia.
There's a place in Studio City, went there a few times, blatantly on his cell phone during
Bar Trivia.
He cheats?
Wonderful actor.
He cheats at getting plaques at booths because he doesn't go there that much.
Well, he's already John Hamm.
He gets to have plaques and cheated quizzes, you guys.
Apparently.
He gets to have a plaque.
What I want, if I ever achieve any level of fame, I want a sandwich.
I want a thing that you can go into a place.
You just want like a sandwich?
You can just buy one.
What's in it, Jeff?
Okay, you're down.
I'll have the Jeff Davis and it's something.
What is it though?
I don't know yet.
Figure it out.
I'm not going to get it till you know what to put on it.
Okay, if we talked about this on the show before, Cantor's Deli on Fairfax, we talked
about that.
Danny Thomas is the number two because famously he liked to take poops or people like people
poop on top of him.
He loved to poop.
He loved people pooping on coffee tables when he was beneath it and he loved poop stuff.
Wait, what?
If you're going to do that, he needs a glass coffee table, otherwise it ruins the event.
Danny Thomas' father knows best like poop, apparently, and on the-
Wait, what is this coffee table poop thing?
I feel like you know how he likes to laugh about it.
He likes to be underneath the glass coffee table and people take a shit and they can
do the shit.
Is this thing like a sex thing?
Yeah, some people are into like scat playing or whatever the hell it's called.
Yeah, you like to watch the poop come out of the butt.
Did everyone know this?
Does everyone know this?
What was this covered?
I don't know.
Well, they know about scat stuff.
I mean, you guys are on the 4chans and the reddits or I don't know if it's on Reddit.
Maybe that's the line between Reddit and 4chans.
That's scat.
But there's a lot.
I always see the little thumbnails and I'm like, man, I saw, I saw, one time I saw Schrab
had a VHS that involved like stuff coming out of somebody.
I saw that one.
It's called found crap.
And somebody like eating it and I like, it's amazing.
It makes you, it makes you gag.
You know one of the first.
Like watching it like you actually just looking at something can make you gag.
One of the first porn's I ever saw that was the preview before it.
It was a regular porn.
Like Pixar, like a little short.
Yeah.
It was a regular porn.
It was a desk lamp eating a banana shit.
It really was.
It was a regular porn.
And before it, the preview was two people shitting on each other as if they'd be like,
do you like sex?
Well, then you might like shitting on people.
I really feel like if coming this fall, sexuality is weird and complicated and we're all very
different.
But I really feel that if poop or blood is involved and you getting turned on, go back
to the draw board, man.
Well, that's, I mean, yeah, well, let's come out.
I mean, that's easy to say, but it's, yeah, yeah, but are you, are you, are you an idealist
or, or, or is there a line like, like,
I was talking to a girl on time.
As long as nobody's getting hurt.
I was talking to this, it's not someone's getting hurt.
Well, maybe, or somebody that likes to bleed.
I don't, I mean, I don't, I don't know.
I was talking to a girl on time, it's like an extra on this movie I was doing a long
time ago and she was saying that she and her boyfriend, they love to pee on each other.
They love.
How did you get to that?
You can't be the actor.
Don't look at the actress.
You've been in a movie set where you're in the background and you're standing there
next to somebody for six hours.
We got to level four conversation at some point and she was saying, like, she's like
tattooed and kind of my punk rock look and she's like, my boyfriend and I, we love, like,
I love only peeing.
I mean, I love peeing on him.
I'm like, yeah, I'm not down for that.
She's like, we prude.
I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, well, like, do you, do you, like, I don't want my sheets
covered in piss.
It's like, no, we do it in the bathtub.
I'm like, okay.
Never in the morning.
His morning pee is gross.
I'm like, okay, fair enough.
They're like connoisseurs.
So you have your rules about pee.
So you're like, you're prudish to other people too.
Yeah.
Like I said, do you like being shit?
I was like, no.
I said, don't call me a prude.
We all have our limits.
You're a prude relative to her.
She's just the clean pee rolls downhill into a bathtub.
I know somebody else who loves being peed on more.
The shit porn I saw was also in the bathroom.
Like as if like, oh, we're not, we don't want to rewrite the entire book.
My friends who are in this metal band, I used to go to, I knew from high school, they have
these parties and there was a videotape or like a VHS tape that said six six, the labels
at six six six do not watch.
And so they'd leave it kind of not right in play at the party, but they'd be up on
a shelf and somebody at some point would see it and they'd go like, I don't fucking
watch that.
And they'd pop it in and it was this black and white home video of two gals and a dude
and the guy was eating the poop out of the butts and the footage was so fucking potent,
so, so absolutely fucking volatile that you could, people would walk in like, hey, what
are you guys doing?
See one friend and then go, and have to walk outside and the party would be 16 people outside
like recovering from it.
And the reason why it was a bummer is the refusal of the calm.
There was always a moment when the guy, just as he'd eaten some poop, he clearly didn't
like eating the poop, and then more poop would be produced, and he would kind of, not, not
to a camera take, but just like, oh boy, what a day.
Like a bird in the Flintstones.
It's a living.
Yeah.
I've got my mortgage.
Get the fuck out of there.
You don't like eating the poop?
But this is why, this is why I want that Charuse app to work.
Like, I mean, there's, there's probably, there's a hundred people here.
Who likes eating poop?
Who likes eating poop in here?
You can't.
Taxi driver guy?
You like eating poop?
In an ideal society, we could ask, and a hand would shoot up, and they would come up,
but it's like, it's too easy.
They're too easy to target, you know, they're.
Well, let's promise to not judge.
Just raise your hand, and we won't judge.
No, really.
We just want to know.
If you like eating poop.
There I was under the coffee table.
If you like eating poop, or watching somebody else eat the poop.
Or having poop on you, or pooping on someone, just raise your hand.
Or does the, does the story about Danny Thomas make you think, I'm going to give that a try
tonight?
Is anybody here?
Raise your hand.
No judgment.
Anybody in this room that feels that way has felt that way longer than you guys have been
thinking of ways to get them to come, come up.
They've, they've been walking.
That's the thing.
And it's like, where do you draw the line?
You know, it's like, oh, I thought, I thought they were coming for the people that he liked
to eat poop.
So, so I didn't care.
And then, and then one day they came for me.
You know?
Yeah.
First the trade unionists, then the staff.
Especially if we're talking about something that actually gives you an erection, or the
female equivalent, whatever that is, I have no idea.
And never shall.
I'm still working on it.
I'll figure it out eventually.
But the, the, the, if that's obviously an involuntary response, right?
To me, it seems like.
But it can be conditioned.
The tricky thing is that when you get into this point where, and there's plenty of people
and that's why we have, you know, this is an issue.
It's like, oh, you know what gets me going is when the other person wants nothing to
do with it.
Or, or is too young to want anything to do with it and blah, blah, blah.
And it's like, oh shit, okay.
But those, shouldn't those, shouldn't you feel sorry for those people?
And, and like, kind of like.
Like shitting on people.
Work toward a solution with them.
Like a lot of them want to be castrated, you know, like they go like, fuck, I can't.
Wait, so we've gone from shit to pedophilia.
Yeah.
I'm talking about.
Raise your hands.
Thank you.
No judgment.
I'm talking about unpopular sexual, sexual things.
But there's a big line between shit porn and pedophilia.
Well, what they're really.
Well, the big line being that someone gets hurt.
Well, I would say, I would say the shit porn, you could be into shitting on somebody or
being shit on without being, without having something broken about you.
But I think if you're into kids, there is something broken about you.
Well, that big line.
I don't mean like.
Moments ago was being drawn before the shit people though.
Where you, you know, Jeff said like, well, you know, if it said go back to the drawing
board, I mean, do we mean.
No, I don't.
Because sex is such an animal act.
And I think what is more animal than like shitting on somebody.
So I could see.
I'm sort of getting convinced a little bit.
All right.
We're bringing Kumail over.
Is Emily still here?
Emily.
Can you get one of those, one of those Valentine's Day coupons?
Yeah.
Hey, you said anything.
When you poop in your automobile.
Is that what that was?
Yeah.
Well, I just mean like, yeah, that I don't think it's an order to be.
When we go to the moon, when we colonize the moon, if you like people to poop on you.
Zero gravity.
I'm not going to kick you off the moon.
Like, I don't think I was like, oh, let's get them out of here.
There's a new component, though, zero gravity.
If you like to have sex with eight year old children or women that are screaming no, stop
it, then we have a problem because your right to swing your fist ends at the end of another
person's nose.
So now we have an issue because not because of your rights, because of other peoples.
But if you want somebody to poop on you.
Come down.
Come to the moon.
We got that.
I also saw it like when I was 10.
So part of me is like, that's not so crazy.
I did.
I mean, it makes other people physically gag.
Yeah, no one's going to watch you pay $10 to watch you do it.
Can we call this episode 666?
Do not listen.
All right.
Spencer, what do you think about people pooping on each other?
That's weird.
But what if there's a girl?
You have had a crush on this girl for a year.
She's gorgeous.
She's amazing.
She's awesome.
You're like, this is the perfect girl for me.
And she's making out with you for the first time.
It's the night of your life.
And she's like, the only thing once I have to shit on you.
And then we can be in a relationship.
I think that's weird.
I mean, that would be a red flag more so because of her weird ritualistic approach to it.
If you're that into it, why do you only want to do it once?
Well, she wants to know that he's there through thick and thin.
She's not even into it.
She's just like, I just want to test you to see.
No, this is going to be horrible for me too.
It's very embarrassing.
It's going to be very thick.
I really like the direction the show's going.
We always get to one little deep topic.
Last time it got so deep, we found out Jeff had psychic powers.
And we had to preempt D&D.
That's why we should start it now.
It sure was magical though.
But that gave you a whole extra week to prepare your D&D materials.
Was that what I was supposed to do?
You were too busy shitting on paper, weren't you?
You know my secret.
Yeah, those are the sheets you should pass them out.
I'll pass them out.
You want to catch us up to...
Oh, I was going to say something.
I remember watching the shit video when I was 10 and they were pooping at each other.
And then later I remember thinking, probably the saddest moment has to be when they're like,
it's like maybe later that day they're showered and they find a little bit in their belly button.
And they're like, oh right, I did that.
Yeah, because it's something you immediately forget once you get home.
That's me, thank you.
By the way, I'm wearing the Harmontown shirt today.
Camille, very smartly clad.
Is there some kind of flash sale or something?
Is the flash over?
Yeah, the sale is still going.
It's like super comfortable.
Actually, I have a question.
Okay, he has a question.
We're all worried about somebody shitting on you.
But who hasn't jammed something up the shit pipe?
That's a false premise. What do you mean?
Are you afraid of something coming out of it when you don't mind putting something in it?
No, we can't sell things here because it's a different store.
That's why we can't sell t-shirts here.
But you can buy them on Harmontown Dog Harmon.
That was my question, thank you.
I think you might have just com-trolled.
You used to work in politics, right?
The gentleman's question was, what's the big deal with poop coming out of your butt
if you could put a sharpie pen up it?
Or for the...
I think the answer would be...
First of all, my answer would be exactly whatever.
I think a lot of people's answers would be,
well, the poop is made out of poop and then the poop gets everywhere.
The deal isn't that the poop leaves the butt.
That's normal.
The whole is like, if that's so weird, it's not so weird.
It's the poop that's normal.
It's just don't be smearing it around people.
That's where it starts to get iffy.
No one's questioning that poop leaves the butt and that's normal.
What did you say, sir?
But when you pull it back out, then there's poop on it.
Also, that's true.
And that's why I only did the sharpie thing once,
because I masturbated.
I was like, I wonder if this is going to be great.
I wonder if this is going to be great.
It's a great sentence to think before you do that.
The male orgasm, it shuts you off like a light you're like,
and then you're just hanging out and then I was like,
all right, gets a sharpie pen out of my ass.
Yeah, it's got poop on it.
I'm not going to use it to write a chore list.
Don't do that again.
Buy new sharpie pens.
And insert disposable items.
But I think it has poop on it when you pull the sharpie pen out.
Well, I mean, more so than your average sharpie pen.
Sure.
Whether you can see it or not.
There's probably a 5%ile of poopy sharpie pens, sure.
Poopy sharpie pens.
So where were we in the adventure?
I don't know, am I going to get music?
I mean, I could do it without, but that's what I'm going to do.
You got music whenever you like.
Last time on Harmontown D.
Our narrator gave a stunning and vibrant oratory recounting
the travels and tales of our heroes.
Then everybody talked about Jeff's psychic ability.
It was decided by Coomale that Jeff's abuse of his special gift
was arrogant and unfortunate.
Dan, having heard a thousand or more of Jeff's special abilities,
decided that he'd simply default to his old standby response
to these stories, through drinking.
The subject shifted to money lending,
and Aaron pointed out that Jeff, although claiming to have faith
in Dan's ability to remunerate,
Jeff's loans was simply and shrewdly using his psychic talent
to hedge his bets, whereas Dan left gent money
out of the kindness of his heart.
A healthy laugh was enjoyed by all.
And in the end, nothing happened,
leaving our adventurers where we last met
on the material plane back home in the forest
fired forest of Connie.
Yeah!
Alright, I examine the surrounding, Spencer.
You just exited the plane of shadow.
Around you stand dozens of felled,
not like hundreds of felled burnt trees.
This is what you recognize to be the Connie forest.
You met, you know, Tylenol with Cody in the unicorn there.
So, is Coco back?
Coco is back!
Yay! And I still have some nature's ally for no reason.
Yeah, see what we did there.
You're examining the surroundings. You got this down.
Well, guys, we did it.
I guess we should all just split up and go our separate ways.
Nice meeting you.
Wait, so what did we do?
We vanished our shadow opponents.
But we still have the soul of growth and we figure out
what the main thing of it is, right?
I mean...
Are we done with the quest?
No, we gotta get the charts.
No, major response.
Yeah, so I heard the soul of growth, right?
That was mentioned.
As it happens, you hear a dan,
you hear a voodoo voodoo voodoo
of pulsating energy coming from your back.
Your pack, rather.
Your back pack.
Is Paul in here?
I investigate.
I pull out the soul of growth and hold it aloft.
Holding the soul of growth aloft
is caught with a brilliant green energy.
Yeah, that happens.
Regrow the forest with the soul of growth.
Hey, that's happening.
A brilliant emerald light casts a bright glow
on the burnt forest, as well as your party.
Before your eyes, legions of green
shoots and leaves burst forth
from the soil, growing at an incredible pace
before your very eyes, as if by magic.
Except literally by magic.
Hahahaha.
Quirk.
You can also hear a loud cracking, shattering sound
coming from the inside of your bag,
as well as a burst of green light from your bag.
Whose bags?
Quirk.
I hear a cracking coming from my bag.
A cracking followed by a shattering of maybe glass or something.
I throw the bag down
and look back a gape.
A second green light.
All these gape,
shattering, they all sort of
harkened back to the conversation we were just having.
That's just you.
It was when you were 10.
It was when I was 10.
That's just going to happen.
It's always going to be there.
I've read a book.
Yeah, so that happens.
You throw the bag down, then exploding from your backpack
like a river of emerald light,
swirling around the growing green plants
you see, a coalescing form.
It forms from these plants and these leaves
that grow into being,
as well as these charred, you know,
limbs of the tree.
The coalesce into a 12 foot bipedal
form.
You see golden red leaves crowning
a tangle of clump of briary thorns
which seem to be its head.
Glowing green eyes are embedded in its face
like glowing coales.
Living in dead plants wrapped around each other
and tied together by thin green sinewy vines
form into a bipedal shape
with four fingers on each of its two hands,
on each of its two arms
with large stump-like legs.
It speaks in a powerful voice.
Thanks for releasing me.
No problem.
What the hell was in my bag?
This guy.
I was forged into the knife.
People at William aren't getting it,
but Spencer's doing a very wonderful beard shake
when he does this creature's voice.
It's more of a throat shake.
Are you my talking dagger?
I was.
To be told true,
I am the true soul of growth.
What you have there was a fraction
of my powers.
What's your name?
My name is the soul of growth.
Can I ask you a question?
Yeah.
Are you friend or foe?
For releasing me
and granting me back some of my powers,
I would say you're friends
and I am your ally.
Is it politically incorrect to climb you?
At this point,
I think so.
In our culture,
it's a friendship symbol.
I did go for it, Sharpie.
I'm like an avatar of nature.
Well, we're like natures to be enjoyed.
Haven't you read or been the giving tree?
I hope people enjoy.
Why don't we let that
temporarily conclude the amount of arguing
we do with the 12-foot tree monster?
Who wants to be our friend?
Okay.
The seasons are mine to be command.
I'm sorry.
What?
The seasons are mine to command.
Okay.
Do you want any more credentials?
Credentials?
Credential.
Where did you
go to college?
I can produce
my CV.
Okay.
What kind of music do you like?
I don't know.
Do you produce food
with sunlight?
One of the tier of growth's powers.
The tier of growth being that thing you hold
can produce food.
For you?
For anybody.
We should eat. Let's eat stuff.
Where's the tier of growth?
Loose forth. Nature's bounty.
Do you have any burritos?
He spreads his hand wide,
and the soul of growth kind of glows brightly
before basically
distributing on the floor
and there's some tubers
and some mushrooms, like a bunch of edible
produce.
Can I take the banana?
There's multiple bananas.
I'll take two of the tubers.
Two tubers.
Thank you.
I prepare like a campfire.
I take there a lot. Let's get some food back
and enjoy having shadows, which I assume we have now.
You do.
We spent like eight sessions going for those things.
It was a big deal for a while.
Can we give this soul of growth
like a nickname, like a handle?
Solely.
Grocer.
What's up, Grocer?
Solely Grocer.
Root. Root.
Rooty.
Rooty Man Branch.
Rooty is good, but I would have said
Rooty.
Rooty Moss.
Rooty Leaf.
Rooty Poobley.
Rooty Branch.
Rooty Woodgrowth.
Fresh and fruity.
Rooty Woodgrowth the third.
Can we call you
Rooty Woodgrowth the third?
It means something good in our language.
That works.
Okay.
Alright, we did something as a party.
Well, while I talk, I eat a tuber.
Alright.
So, Rooty.
Please let me cook that next time.
I mean, I know you're our friend and servant,
but I'd like to think it's a reciprocal thing.
I don't think he said servant.
Yeah, I heard servant.
He said he was there to help us
and serve us, right? Yeah.
And the seasons were arts to command.
If you could forgive us,
I mean, you're a creature in nature,
and that's like,
we kind of lose track of what we were doing a lot,
and we're kind of
wondering like,
What news from the material plane?
What we were doing
when we left.
Hey, Rooty, what were we doing?
This is like the hangover.
I mean,
you know, this D&D has a voice-over.
How would he know that?
Yeah, he was with us the entire time.
Reaching all the way back, my dad had a thing.
You were trying to get back with your dad,
and he swallowed one of the shards of
flimflam?
Yeah, I was kind of getting into this last week,
but the last thing that happened is
you were with your dad,
and then there was like the invasion
by Admiral Darkstar.
He brought his ships in, and they released all those
Candroids, and at some point
they decided it would be a good idea
if Quark got Sharpie to throw him
onto one of these robots,
and the robots just took him into a fucking airship.
It was all coming back. That happened in Brooklyn.
Yeah.
We fought that guy at Jason Sudeikis.
My dad's in trouble.
Hey, Rooty,
and I start talking,
and what I do as I'm talking is
I ask him if he can get us back
quickly to wherever we were
when that happened.
I would be rather ingratious
not to grant you this request,
however,
could you give me the soul of growth?
It will complete my powers.
Just moments ago,
you said you were yourself the soul of growth,
and I don't want to get caught up in semantics, but...
Semantics-wise,
I was referring to the tier of growth.
So you are the tier of growth?
I am the soul of growth.
The tier of growth was immediate.
You want the tier of growth.
That's about the size of it.
We should have a meeting away from him
to figure out maybe he's a bad guy,
and wants...
Hey, Rooty, no offense.
What do we get for the tier of growth?
We get...
No, what I'm saying, he wants it,
but...
What's in it for us, Rooty?
I can grant you the power
of the seasons,
and I will take you to your father.
Oh, let's do it.
Let's just give it to him.
At this point, it's just a banana maker.
I take the tier of growth,
and I flip it like a coin to him,
and I go...
I'm going to, on record, say that I'm against this idea.
Yeah, I'm against it, but I'm not stopping.
But go ahead, do whatever you guys do.
I take it and I go, you know what, kid?
You are right, and I flip it, and it goes to the...
Like Michael Jackson?
Me and Joe Green throws a towel to the kid,
and they don't go commercial.
And also, as it flips through the air,
it kind of slows down,
and I think in its reflective surfaces,
we see some of the cooler moments
from our campaign.
When I fired the other arrows.
Me fucking a dead spider.
You had sex with my horse.
And Enya plays.
I can't breathe.
I think Enigma should play. Go ahead.
I'm imagining it. It's lovely in my mind.
All right.
I'm also going to put my hair into, like,
Liberty Spikes, you know,
with mud down and just cutting it
into Liberty Spikes.
Jeff fucks the horse.
I fired two arrows.
My dad ate a shard.
Okay.
What if the tear stabbed him in the face
and he died?
I chop off the dragon's dick.
We get two people,
instead of sparing them, we have them murder each other,
and then we kill the survivor.
So now,
Rudy catches the
tear of growth, I imagine, right?
Oh, yeah. Yeah, that was happening.
What happens?
I was going to say, yeah.
So he catches it, I mean, as he do.
And you see a kind of void
open up in his kind of
chestal regions as like vines and
tendrils kind of move out of the space.
He's a girl tree.
He puts it back up in it.
Why is he a girl tree?
He's a heart.
His chestal regions.
There's a hole in his soul, so he's a woman?
Is that...
We all know women are woefully
incomplete as a spiritual being.
Why is it a girl?
Who's with me?
You said he has a chest vagina, is that what you think?
That's what I'm imagining.
Stand down, sir.
It's not his chest.
If you really want to recap,
I thought of the idea of saying
before he got to the point where he said it was in his chest
and then I wouldn't let it go.
Because I'm a petty
entertainer.
Because Rudy could go either way.
Rudy could be due to our woman.
Or trio.
Anyway, so like little green vines,
they're doing stuff,
wrapping around things, specifically the soul growth.
They entwine it and then the void kind of
closes up.
And then he's taken by, it looks like he's on fire,
but it's like green
physical energy emanating from his body.
He's a girl.
He's like, take this.
And then he reaches out
a fincher at you guys.
What's that? Is that a kind of banana?
It's like a finger, but with a
softer G.
A fincher?
He gives us the fincher.
Is he saying pull my fincher?
He's not, he's more, he's gonna
kind of like touch you guys.
I reach out my fincher.
Can I just call it a finger?
We all reach out our finches
and like tour them.
They start finching.
Play that, play that enigma song again I think.
There'd be like magical
light now, but yeah.
This isn't the world of Dungeons and Dragons.
In real life I'm afraid.
Anyway, so you feel
like a rush of wind kind of
overtake you and Dan
you feel, you feel kind of
a vibrant force welling up inside of you
and you, you feel
the dry cold winds
blow upon you.
Wait, me or Christopher?
Christopher does. Morene feels
the summer heat
of summer
and the wintery chill of icy
cold breeze blasts into
quark and you feel
spiritual elemental energy
taking you up. You're not quite sure what this means yet.
Are we like Captain Planet now?
Not quite, not quite. I forgot
what I felt because I was first.
It was easier to connect the dots after you went down.
What did I feel?
Humidity? What was it?
The magic spring, spring, fall
summer, winter.
Yeah.
Who's heart?
We are the seasons.
Things are the reasons.
It's good that we didn't
have a fifth person in the show.
I'm teleporting to the plot.
So
the wind kind of
diminishes and you feel
the central presence residing on your
forearm area and it
coalesces. There's a ring of energy
that hardens into, it looks kind of
like a tangle of
like vines and stuff.
Wait, it looks like a douchebag tattoo?
Kind of, except it's not a tattoo.
We got vine tattoos?
Except it's not a tattoo. It's made out
of fine gold. It's like jewelry
but kind of stylized.
Like a gauntlet around our forearms?
Yeah, kind of like that.
It's not super cool. I'm not going to
really sell it hard. It's just a thing.
Can mine not be vines?
It will be...
Barbed wire.
Can I get Christmas lights?
No. Autumn leaves.
Jeff could get... No, you were summer. Jeff was winter.
Can I get Calvin from
Calvin Hobbes Pissing on a Chevy symbol?
Only if he's wearing a snow jacket.
He's peeing ice onto a Chevy.
I examine the surroundings.
Can I get the Chinese symbol for fall
instead of just...
You don't look like he scrolls
like douchebag in Chinese on you.
Oh, this looks great. Thanks.
But yeah,
your surroundings are unchanged.
So now we have these magical forearm gauntlets
of the powers of our seasons.
They contain the power of this...
They contain the power
of the seasons. Thank you, Rudy.
Sorry. Sorry.
What? Voice over.
Oh, no, that wasn't true.
I get it.
You started with voice over.
Dan, write some voice over for Rudy
like if it was a script about Rudy.
So there I was, back to the real
reality plane.
Just gotten my new powers,
but now look at these jokers all
dressed up with the seasons.
All
That's his internal
monologue. Are there any
roads leading away from where we're standing right now?
He's like, there aren't any.
You're kind of in the middle of like a burnt down forest,
but he's like, if we
will go,
let us go. Alright.
I'm a tracker, so
I can track.
Not a lot in that sentence.
Yeah, well knowing this area, you know
the cardinal direction of where
yellow camp is, that's, you know, Buttsalot's
camp. So you kind of have an idea
of where it is anyway, but he's going to
spirit you away there.
Alright, let's go there.
Yeah, so I
hold up my, are there, on our right
arms are our little season gauntlets?
You can pick whatever army one. Left arm.
I hold up whatever arm mine is on
and I hold it forward like
we're like now like the super friends.
Like it's like Captain Planet.
Yes. I don't know what Captain Planet is.
Oh.
It's like Voltron, but it was like
but like people
recycling. Yeah, the
criminals, like the villains like
use too much water on their golf courses
that they own. Like literally.
Kwame, your TV is too big.
Wheeler, you have too many children. This was an actual
Captain Planet plot.
In the future, they all bickered each other for being
assholes. It was the best
episode. Okay, I
put my arm back down because that didn't work.
Yeah, nothing happens.
Sorry. I was trying to come up with a little catchphrase
thing that we do.
By the power of summer or winter.
Summer. Fall.
Spring. Let's be
seasons together.
Seasons together.
Is that can be, could that be our group name?
It's like a really terrible part. Yeah, the
fourth season is better. Is that Bill?
I think. Beastmunk is Bill called us
the four seasons.
Accommodations. Efficiency.
Affordability. Four seasons.
It's not affordability. It's very
expensive. Oh yeah.
Well, for some people.
Okay, so having
workshopped our
new catchphrase
we embark with Ruth Rudy
towards the yellow camp. He
puts his hands to like a small sapling
style tree and he like touches it and it gets
super huge. Really big
tree. And then he's like step in.
Like it's a door. It's not a door.
It's a tree. I tell him
that. All right. I just because
I'm so stoked about my new winter power
is I just I said it. I'm cool
with that. Okay.
All right.
Fuck all of you. I swear to God.
I'm going to make you all eat my poop later.
I'm skeptical
and I go I won't fall for that.
Boo!
These jokes
like I've been up here for
500 days
of summer.
Yeah, you got it. This idea
is traditionally associated
with fertility.
I thought you were going to spring into action or something
but I like that.
That too. Okay. So I
just I in my barbarian
impulsiveness I just jump
through the tree portal.
Okay. The rest of you see Jeff kind of
won't into the tree like platform
nine and three quarter style.
I won't after him.
I won't also
men
because my character is female and that's
that's what Aaron would have said guy. Can we close
the portal before
Is there a lock?
Is there a lock? I assume
you guys falling into something that's not a portal
because he said it's not it's a tree and not a portal.
The portal closes while he's talking about it.
Alright, me and Coco track our way to where they're
going. I stick my head out of the portal and go
alright stay here and guard the rear.
I have to from you
because he fucks everything. Yeah.
That was good. That was legit.
That was legit.
It's like the joke judge.
I am. I have.
Overruled. Then I have tables.
I want my head back in.
Alright, that happens.
Alright, I go through the portal.
So you come out inside of a
much smaller tree. You don't know how you
it's magic.
Tree walking. Yeah, tree walking. That's a
spell. It is. Look it up.
Anyway, you get out and
before you you see the familiar yellow canvas
of a yellow camp.
However, usually this is like a
circus like kind of tent style rather than
that it's more like you see it stretched
between watchtowers and these watchtowers
are black and foreboding.
Hmm.
Hmm. Much has changed
since you've left.
How long have we gone for?
I don't know.
Aren't you nature
and based on seasons? Isn't your whole
thing about the cycle
of the year and the seasons?
Inside of a knife time is really
complicated.
Alright, so is anyone around?
Can I ask them what the date is?
You're still about
400 feet off from kind of the walls.
You can kind of see a couple of
guards. Let's walk to the guards.
Yeah, I mean, they should be good people.
Yellow camp. This is our town.
Also, you know, it's time to level up.
I'm spoiling for another fight. I got my shadow back.
I might have to rock and roll.
You don't get to say when it's time to level up.
I'm saying, but you got to get some experience points
and fight. Oh, yeah.
He's itching to level up. Okay, let's go find
some people. So
as you near the towers of
yellow camp, you don't actually see any
guards posted. It's rather odd.
You don't see really anyone.
You do see some
smoke kind of rising from the center of
camp, kind of like
a smokestack maybe.
You don't see a smokestack, but it's
that kind of columnist. Father!
I run toward it. I'm not even being
careful. Sharpie, wait. Be careful.
No!
Okay.
Did he say no? He was too far away.
I couldn't hear. All right. Did he say no?
There I was, watching my boyfriend
Sharpie run away towards fire.
That's my life.
I have liberty spikes now. He's doing the
view. Yeah.
We know.
I don't care.
They're predisposal to resent Adam.
I was burdensome on me.
It's not because
they didn't like me. It's because the joke's been done too much.
Anyway.
You get to the canvas.
Can we run behind him?
If you want. Yeah.
Guys, you want to do that? Let's do it.
You're at a point where you're on the cusp of throwing open
the canvas and revealing the inside
of this camp.
Let's do it. Guys, we're the four seasons.
We can do this.
Let's walk like a man.
I'm guessing walk like a man.
I won't fall for this. I use my line way
too much. I'm still cool.
We use our catchphrases too much.
We just came up with them. We like
them a lot. Tell it to them.
So you throw open the canvas
and kind of enter this area
and you are struck with like a horrifying
sight. Barbarians aren't really
known for industry. However, you see
like these metal constructions
that look like maybe kilns or some sort
of large oven style thing
that are kind of set up in the middle. There's two of
them. They dominate the space. They get holocausted?
It's not like that.
I'll just spoiler it right now.
Sorry. Sorry holocaust survivors.
It's not like that.
And non-survivors.
I think the number of holocaust survivors
who listen to this podcast is very
small. Very small van diagram.
I'm not willing to take that risk.
It's irresponsible.
They're using kilns inside of a tent.
Yeah, you see some people kind of
you know like cattle can be pushed
around in a circle to like be harnessed?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. There's people doing that.
So there's a bunch of a bunch of barbarians.
You see humans and gnolls alike.
If you recall, there's gnoll alliance
with the Buttsalot tribe going on back in
the way past. So yeah, they're both
chained up and you see like
it looks like a scrawny
skin is like grain emaciated with
like you can see kind of like white lights
kind of like emanating from his body.
And he's got a scraggly like
beard made out of tentacles.
They're really thin kind of tentacles.
And he's with them on a lash.
That's not what a gnoll is. That's the bad guy.
This is, yeah, this is some sort of crazy
humanoid that's whipping these gnolls
and these humans. Gnolls are like
they're operating some sort of mill or some
sort of like yeah, they're being pushed
around in a circle and that's
put up to like a mind flare.
He's not. No, you know, you
you've heard of mind flares and
and these these this looks more like
maybe some sort of demonic creature,
maybe a devil or a demon or an
alien. Chris, sneak over
stab him in the spine. No, no, no.
Let's talk about this first.
I go and pledge allegiance to that guy.
I'm not going to stop you.
Okay. You also
see similar sites like there's kind of
like a three different kind of
turbines of human energy and they're
all being attended to by demons.
And if you recall, there's these puddles
of flesh demons that you saw way
earlier. They look like slimy puddles
of a flesh covered goop that
hold themselves together and roughly have arms.
They're kind of sliding around as if on patrol
kind of around the area.
They've seen us. Did we kind of
they haven't you've kind of found yourself
between too little like
recognizing them now.
You're so horrified before you didn't really see him, but these are
large black empty cages.
So they're made out of iron. So you're kind of hiding behind
these and in the very center of this area
you can kind of see between two of these
engines. You see a giant in the ground
giant giant pit.
Giant pit.
Jesus. Well, we really bit off
of more than we could
chew here. Yeah. Running into this giant
yellow tent. But I'm feeling pretty good. I got my
hip points back.
I'm spoiling for a fight. I think we should leave
this place.
Are you sure your dad's here? Well,
I mean his peeps are, but it's 9
48. We should
these people have been through a lot.
We talked about
eating shit for like 25 minutes.
You know,
Adam's been
a regular.
He's on stage.
That is not on par with the previous thing.
No, no.
You know, once much worse.
Not all Jango blocks are
shaped the same, but a certain
amount of them result in a
collapse.
I mean, I don't know what
because we can't get into a fight with a bunch
of teammates and
slimmers.
We're established for next time.
Now we know what's
set up. We're ready to run. I'm going to have to reset it up
next week, though. Yeah.
But we made friends with Rudy. We're now
the four seasons.
We should use our next 11 minutes to
No, I'm just saying, is Rudy with us, by the way?
Yeah, well, he's not actually.
He's behind you.
When you burst through the tent, you lost track of him,
but he was kind of a little, like maybe 10
feet behind you. You've lost track of him
at this point, unless you kind of go back.
But he did come with us to Yellow Camp.
He got you there and he followed you.
He would have gone in, you'd think,
but then he didn't come in.
Well, I would say we probably
have to use our powers, our new
seasonal powers, to destroy or take over.
Yeah.
I don't know what that really means, though.
We'll do it next time.
We should have tried them while we were outside
the Yellow tent to see what they do.
Us trying out our powers.
Yeah, it's a good thing we tried out our powers.
Yeah, well, you did try holding
them aloft, dramatically.
Can we all retreat
away, kind of go into a clearing?
We can all just try out our new powers.
We're just going to see what we got.
We have to actually roll some dice for that.
Well, but we don't want to do it in front of the
Yeah, we move into it.
We get away from it.
Barge into a tent and then take
an audible.
No, no, no.
Don't have super strength.
Okay, super speed. No, come on.
All right. Yeah, everyone makes it.
We're just going to back out.
We heard a record scratch.
Let's go to the firing range.
I see like a
like, is there any like any
river or water or what's the topography
around me right now? It's kind of like
hilly and there's the occasional
tree, kind of like a chaperone.
I see a little small bush, like a chaperone
or something.
And I hold my hand.
I don't know what to expect out of my winter powers.
And I go, winter power
of the bush.
I want to see.
No harm in trying.
You feel an extreme chill come over
your arm, but that's about it.
What?
Your power is you can make your hand cold.
Your first attempt.
It's like you can give yourself the stranger.
That's it.
Watch the bush that he was pointing at.
You see like a almost open
bud open slightly
more than it was.
We have budding, like nascent powers.
Or you're just doing them wrong.
Can I go to, oh, all right.
Grab my arm and try using it.
I do it correctly.
A stunning dis, no.
You don't, how do you attempt?
I go and I
rub my, I rub
my hand
and I
kiss it
and I wave
it around.
Nothing happens.
I have knowledge nature.
So I'm going to just start saying nature words
in Elvish until my arm activates.
Which nature words?
Stunning sunset.
Activate.
No, none of those pitiful.
I walk over to Rudy
and I go Rudy, how do we use these
fucking things?
Way to solve this
problem.
But it'll take me some
to determine the amount of time
to teach you guys behind the scenes.
Really?
We have to prepare these spells, kind of.
We'd have to break here.
The fourth wall?
So when we come back, we learn these spells
and we go into the yellow tent and use them.
I think we made the right choices.
We learned a lot.
Spencer, thank you so much.
Adam Goldberg.
Well done, my friends.
Careful with that back.
Don't work it.
Too hard.
Stay put, Camille.
You ain't going nowhere.
You're like a high school principal.
I'm a little scared for Camille.
That's all right, Camille.
What was
this movie you were doing?
You were out of town shooting a film?
I was, yeah. How'd it go?
It was really fun. I'm going to go back
for most of July to do it.
It's hot
time machine 2.
I don't have a big part
in it, but it's funny.
Isn't Gillian Jacobs in it?
She and Chevy are both in it.
Yeah, they're both in it.
Chevy and Gillian and
Max not back, but everyone else is back.
What do you play? Can you talk about that?
Yeah, I play.
If you see the first one,
Cordray has become this
tech giant.
I'm like his head of R&D.
I'm sort of his business partner.
Fantastic.
When will this come out?
Probably several months from now.
I think it comes out next week.
Wow.
I don't understand how anything works.
Yeah, I think next week.
I go late July to shoot it.
Next week sounds right.
I'm very excited that Gillian's in it.
She's really, really funny.
We were in New Orleans and
it was...
I can't tell the story, so I won't tell it.
Oh, man.
Wait, do we beg you?
Can I tell the story and then we can take it out?
Yeah.
Just tell them.
I'm just issuing them to get their little
YouTube recorders out or whatever.
YouTube recorders? You mean cell phones?
Grandfather?
They're little horseless,
horseless walkie-talkies.
Horseless walkie-talkies.
Automated electronic
gadgets.
I'll get the hell out of here.
No, I don't want to.
It's about you and Gillian and poop, right?
Gillian took a crap on a glass coffee table
and you were eating it with Chevy?
Yeah.
Eating it with Chevy.
I like that even though,
why is there a glass table if we're just going to end up eating it?
Well, a lot of people...
A lot of people what?
Because it's a dish best served cold.
Poop is?
So I'm told.
We should end it there, shouldn't we?
Well, on that shriek of disapproval?
Yeah, I guess.
Thanks for coming, everybody. Harmontown.
We love you dearly.
One more time for Kumail Nanjiani.
Thank you, brother.
Spencer Crittenden.
Adam Goldberg. Thank you very much, matey.
I'm Jeff Davis.
One more time for the mayor of Harmontown.
Dan Harmon.
You're all great writers.
You're all great. Your scripts are great.
Thank you.
No voiceovers.
You want to end it with a little voiceover?
A little epilogue voiceover for the show?
That's me ending the show wrong.
Just like I always begin it.
You know, they say life's like what you make it.
And I say, it's all in the cards.
Thank you. Good night.
We love you.